Add `nx-cugraph` Docs Pages (#4669)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/nx_cugraph/installation.md

# Getting Started

> This guide describes how to install ``nx-cugraph`` use it in your workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide describes how to install ``nx-cugraph`` and use it in your workflows.
```

 - **Python >= 3.10**
 - **[NetworkX](https://networkx.org/documentation/stable/install.html#) >= 3.0 (version 3.2 or higher recommended)**

More details about system requirements can be found in the [RAPIDS System Requirements Documentation](https://docs.rapids.ai/install#system-req).

## Installing nx-cugraph

Read the [RAPIDS Quick Start Guide](https://docs.rapids.ai/install) to learn more about installing all RAPIDS libraries.

`nx-cugraph` can be installed using conda or pip. It is included in the RAPIDS metapackage, or can be installed separately.

### Conda
**Nightly version**
```bash
conda install -c rapidsai-nightly -c conda-forge -c nvidia nx-cugraph
```

**Stable version**
```bash
conda install -c rapidsai -c conda-forge -c nvidia nx-cugraph
```

### pip
**Nightly version**
```bash
pip install nx-cugraph-cu11 --extra-index-url https://pypi.anaconda.org/rapidsai-wheels-nightly/simple
```

**Stable version**
```bash
pip install nx-cugraph-cu11 --extra-index-url https://pypi.nvidia.com
```

<div style="border: 1px solid #ccc; background-color: #f9f9f9; padding: 10px; border-radius: 5px;">

**Note:**

>  - The `pip install` examples above ar efor CUDA 11. To install for CUDA 12, replace `-cu11` with `-cu12`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - The `pip install` examples above are for CUDA 11. To install for CUDA 12, replace `-cu11` with `-cu12`
```
